chore: change wording and move periods outside of links (#1703)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/custom-flows/email-password-mfa.mdx

  1. If the verification is successful, set the newly created session as the active session.

  > [!TIP]

>   > For this example to work, the user must have MFA enabled on their account. You need to add the ability for your users to manage their MFA settings. [Learn how to build a custom flow for managing multi-factor authentication](/docs/custom-flows/email-password-mfa).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > For this example to work, the user must have MFA enabled on their account. You need to add the ability for your users to manage their MFA settings. See the [manage SMS-based MFA](/docs/custom-flows/manage-sms-based-mfa) or the [manage TOTP-based MFA](/docs/custom-flows/manage-totp-based-mfa) guide, depending on your needs.
```
